{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25820\viewh13940\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Pros: ==========\
1, The UI interface is very beautiful, friendly and professional, consistent with the company\'92s logo theme. All UI elements are around the alight blue colour. The colour assortment is reasonable and bright, giving users a comfortable feeling. \
2, The login/registration screen supports both Facebook and Google (only supported on Android) third party authentication. This greatly simplified users\'92 registration process, according with users\'92 customary practices;  \
2. The passengers selection is very intuitive and descriptive. Definitely a good plus for this application.\
2, The department and return date selection is intuitive, even it has an animation hint on the top to ask users to select an return date after selecting a department date; All the dates between the 2 dates are highlighted to indicate the duration, giving end users a very direct visual demonstration of the journey;\
3, The default values for flight selection match most of the users\'92 requirements, like the cabin class, set with economy and stop option set with \'93Direct Only off\'94. The flights shown in the search result are shown in price ascending order by default. \
4,  The airport selection is very quick and accurate, the matching results are shown when the first character is entered. Both city\'92s name and airport\'92s code are supported very well, even the Chinese character for a city is well recognised. \
5,  The animated progress bar is very interesting when the application search the flights. The users enjoyed seeing the \'91plane\'92 flying from the left side of the window to the right side, instead of getting boring and impatient. \
6, The hidden features are very helpful to experienced users if given a little more time to explore the application.\
6.1 The explore button will show users a earth model with airports and the lowest prices for a flight. The earth could be dynamically rolled. For those flexible travellers, this global could help them have an overview of the available airports and the possible lowest prices in any position on the earth;\
6.2 The bar charts give users a general view of the prices curve around a period. For those flexible users, they can dynamically change their travelling date to find a lowest price within a time period. \
6.3 The multiple selection windows allow users to save multiple search results and compare the results. \
xx. The passenger selection view is loverly with 3 different graphic icons for adults, children and toddlers. \
6.4 Overall all users operate the application smoothly, seldom with pause.\
\
=========Cons=============\
1. The service provider Skyscanner has 3 different portals for end users - website, mobile app for iPhone/iPad, and Android devices;  The user interfaces for iPhone and Android devices are almost different, this might cause troubles for end users when they switch from one to another; \
2. The mobile app will first pops up a dialog to ask permission to access the location service on the device, if users reject to grant it, the app will either choose United States (Android) or New Zealand (iPhone) as the default departure location. This will slightly hurt the users\'92 experience of using the app. Even without location service access, the app still could manage to get the location of the device by the wifi-network. [ref]\
3, The price for the flights is not clearly indicative for the currency and the tax information is not shown for users\'92 awareness. Users can not tell if the price is for New Zealand dollars or US dollars. \
4, Not as the website, there are multiple versions of websites for different countries and different languages, the app only supports English, for those not proficient in English, multiple languages support is very much desirable. \
5, When there is no search result, the display is very confusing. Most of the testers were confused when seeing this page:\
6, The most important hint information is located at the bottom of the screen, or shown on a splash screen for a short time, all users just ignored that and led confusion and discomfort for end users. In the end, all users blame the poor user experiences of the third parties websites on the skyscanner app.\
7, When clicking the \'93Clear Filter\'94 button, the response time is too long so that users felt frustrated and impatient with the app. \
8, For those flights without tickets available for users, they should NOT be listed there. Moreover, they should be deleted from the list instead of being grayed out to pollute users\'92 eyesight.\
9, When clicking \'93Checking Bags\'94 hint, the app jumps outside of the app to a website which shows a chunky web page. This is a very bad decision and will cause unnecessary trouble to end users;\
\
======Recommend========\
1, The date selection view for both departure and return is very intuitive for users, but if the calendar could show price information there, the users will be more delighted. \
2, The resulting flights in the list does not show the available tickets information, showing the remaining tickets count will be very helpful for end users.\
3, \'93Explore\'94 button on iPhone is suggested to rename or be moved somewhere else. In all 5 tests, no one clicked that button, and all wondered what that button is working for. \
4, The transition window should pause and emphasise that the app only searches for the lowest prices in market, does provide the book service, and warn the users that they will be taken to a third party website for further booking,  then asks for end users\'92 confirmation for windows transition. With this important information, users will get aware that they are leaving the app. All the inconveniences will be linked to the 3rd party websites instead of the Skyscanner app.\
5, \
\
======\
\
\
References:\
1, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wi-Fi_positioning_system"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wi-Fi_positioning_system}}\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}